Battlefield Bad Company 3 is perhaps one
of the most requested battlefield titles
among fans many players long for the
spin-off franchises simplicity
destructibility the wide open maps and
humorous single-player campaign due to
the goddamn magic game No
love you man silly God in a recent
interview with Eurogamer dices CEO carl
magnus Traulsen reflected on the dismay
felt by fans who were holding out for a
bad company three announcement we hear
those comments as well and see them
he told Eurogamer there were some people
who were saying why are you building
hard line you should build bad company 3
instead Carl Magnus went on to say that
he's unsure of what fans really liked
about bad company
some people say they found the multi
player controls faster and more direct
some people like the single player and
the characters and the humor people love
different things about it but without a
doubt most fans reached a consensus that
bad company twos multiplayer component
was one of the best the series had to
offer and that's heavily determined by
bad company's open world nature and the
fact that in some multiplayer maps
almost every structure can be leveled by
the end of a round
Troughton said that gamers will have to
wait and see when asked if dice will
ever make another bad company title it's
going to come down to if people really
want it and if a team inside my group
really wants to build it then sure he
closed oh man what are we gonna do now
however at a press event last year dice
creative director loris Gustafson said
my feeling is that i would love to do it
for me when we started the company was
1942 it was really a work of passion so
I love it I want to see it again
I don't know whether it can happen right
now we'll see but trust me the bad
company team isn't forgotten they're
just on a very
vacation they are out there they are
coming back
if dice decides to continue the series
what would you like to see what defines
the bad company series for you let us
know in the comments for more news about
upcoming battlefield and Star Wars
Battlefront titles you are already in
the right place
battlefield portal